README.md, before:

# ROB 537 Cable Following
## Kyle, Marcus, Jostan, Keegan

### How to use
First, connect the gripper via USB. If using a Docker container, be sure to connect the USB before starting the container (or restart the container).

Launch the gripper bringup with:
```console
roslaunch contactille_gripper gripper_bringup.launch
```
This will identify ports for the Contactille sensors and Dynamixel controlller, and start feedback and control nodes.




Credit to Kyle Mathenia for the gripper ROS code. Check out his original code [here](https://github.com/kylemathenia/IMML_Contactile_Gripper).


Need to add pip install ordereddict

roslaunch ur_robot_driver ur5e_bringup.launch robot_ip:=169.254.177.232 kinematics_config:="/root/cindys_ur5e_calibration.yaml"
roslaunch ur5e_moveit_config moveit_planning_execution.launch
roslaunch ur5e_moveit_config moveit_rviz.launch

roslaunch ur_calibration calibration_correction.launch 


pip install scikit-image



Launch these:
roslaunch contactile_gripper gripper_bringup.launch 
rsrun trial_control get_picture.py
rosrun trial_control record.py
rosrun trial_control cable_follow_trials.py



pip install setuptools -U
python2 -m pip install install protobuf==3.17.3
python2 -m pip install install tensorflow-gpu==1.12.0

Commit message:

bias sensor upon startup and new launch file

README.md, after:

# Cable Following
## Marcus

This project is designed to have a tactile sensor equipped gripper follow a cable. This is a continuation of the work started in an OSU ROB 537 final project.

### How to use
First, connect the gripper via USB. If using a Docker container, be sure to connect the USB before starting the container (or restart the container).

Launch the gripper bringup with:
```console
roslaunch contactille_gripper gripper_bringup.launch
```
This will identify ports for the Contactille sensors and Dynamixel controlller, and start feedback and control nodes.




Credit to Kyle Mathenia for the gripper ROS code. Check out his original code [here](https://github.com/kylemathenia/IMML_Contactile_Gripper).

Need to add pip install ordereddict

roslaunch ur_robot_driver ur5e_bringup.launch robot_ip:=169.254.177.232 kinematics_config:="/root/cindys_ur5e_calibration.yaml"
roslaunch ur5e_moveit_config moveit_planning_execution.launch
roslaunch ur5e_moveit_config moveit_rviz.launch

roslaunch ur_calibration calibration_correction.launch 


pip install scikit-image



Launch these:
roslaunch contactile_gripper gripper_bringup.launch 
rsrun trial_control get_picture.py
rosrun trial_control record.py
rosrun trial_control cable_follow_trials.py



pip install setuptools -U
python2 -m pip install install protobuf==3.17.3
python2 -m pip install install tensorflow-gpu==1.12.0
